I'm sorry.
Damn, your sulking game is top tier. I'm jealous.
Oh, I heard you figured out how to use your instruments, so congrats on the breakthrough.
Those ain't easy. I'm betting the old boss man-
Shut up!
Stop trying to cheer me up, okay?
They got grist because of me.
All I could do was watch it happen, just like with my dad.
Thought it'd be better here. I'd be better.
I thought that I'd changed.
That I was moving forward.
But I can't stop screwing it all up.
Is this just how it's gonna be until the day I die?
Damn it!
Grist isn't your baggage, okay?
He made his own choices knowing all the risks.
And he didn't protect you because of anything you did or didn't do.
He did it because, like you, he cares about objects and people equally.
Let's go pay our respects.
You coming or what?
There's the man who just awakened his power.
Good on ya.
Glad to see you've bounced back.
I thought you died!
Huh?
That's cute.
You were down in the dumps because you thought Grist died saving you from freaky dreadlocks, man.
He plushes widdles off to you.
Don't count me out so quickly, man.
I'm not kneeling over just yet.
Come on! Can you blame me?
You took a claw to the chest!
That's not something people usually walk away from!
May do if they got the cleaner's crack medical team.
Though most of the credit for my recovery goes to this incredible little lady.
Meet Aisha Stilza.
She's our only giver with healing powers.
It's really not that big a deal.
I'm usually just around not doing anything.
Except for today.
She's also about as shy as Anka is fussy.
Aisha.
I wouldn't even be here right now if it weren't for you.
That's something to be proud of.
Follow.
Chin up.
Come on, don't sulk in the corner.
You're part of this too.
If you hadn't gotten me stable and clear of the fight, I wouldn't have made it home.
But...
But... Don't beat your...
Don't beat yourself up because you're not a giver yet.
It'll happen.
Just takes time.
Stop!
That was so nice!
And thank you.
You were truly incredible out there.
That raider was a nasty piece of work, but you and Zanka kept him in check.
Now that's teamwork.
And please, don't worry about the talisman.
I'm just happy something I cared for was useful to someone else.
That's what gives something worth in my eyes.
I'm glad you're not the only one who's been killed.
Yeah, makes sense.
And Gris, I'm really glad that you didn't get killed.
On that note, I think it's safe to assume that this won't be the last fight the raiders pick with us.
And that changes things.
We'll probably scrap with more than trash beasts in the future.
On the bright side, we learned ourselves something new.
One of the raiders mentioned crossing the border.
That phrase alone all but confirms they've been doing research into the sphere.
Enjin?
Hey, boss.
Boss?
THE boss?
Enjin's boss?
So then this is the guy.
The leader of the Cleaners.
It is a pleasure to finally meet you, Ruto.
Sorry I was absent when you first got to HQ.
Where are my manners?
My name's Arkha Korvis.
And I lead the Cleaners.
Heard you wanted to see me.
What? Oh! Yes, I did, sir.
Well, as it happens, I wanted to see you too.
I've been told you planned to leave as soon as you got what you wanted from us.
I'm afraid that's reason enough to let you go.
However, in your short time here, you've seen the good in our mission and my people.
You even risked your life for them.
And to be 100% clear,
you have access to a power that could contribute immensely to our cause.
So, welcome to our band of weirdos.
I, Arkha Korvis, officially accept you as our newest Cleaner.
Come with me to my office.
I've got new clothes and info to give you.
The Border is basically what it sounds like.
It's what lies between the sphere and the ground.
Word is that it's a death trap,
and all who try to reach this sphere die while crossing the border.
But then I came across this story.
It's about a traveler who lost her way in No Man's Land,
and the mysterious woman they found there.
The traveler had wandered into the No Man's Land closest to the border.
There, they found a woman surviving on her own.
Confused to find another living soul, the traveler asked,
Why do you live in this forsaken place?
And the woman answered them,
So that I may bear witness to those who fall from above.
She'd lived in that place for many years, watching them fall.
And then the woman spoke again.
Because sometimes, they don't fall.
They merely come and go as they please.
Interesting.
Interesting, ain't it?
From the sound of things, she's seen other people just like you.
Good enough for me.
If the story's true, then I just gotta find one of the survivors
and ask them how to cross the border.
And maybe even learn how you made it down here alive while you're at it.
Gotta find the woman first.
And that'll certainly be dangerous.
Or stay. Give up.
Your life, your call.
I'm not gonna quit now.
My man!
Knew you'd wear the ever-loving hell out of your cleaner's uniform.
You look ready to take on the world.
I see what I've become.
The diocese of
St. John-in-the-Ç 9th and
ouse.
And say it too simply.
She needs it.
That's a anda remaining noble woman's print!
tech wird 2
I was looking for you
We'll be on the ground
It's my day again
Tonight again
Again
Disturbed
No!
Would you just calm the hell down?
You'll go see the woman in No Man's Land, but it's not gonna be today!
Damn, you're strong!
Screw waiting!
If she can help me get back to the sphere, then I'm not just gonna sit on my ass!
Dude, will you calm down already?
Chill out a sec. This isn't something that you can run into half-cocked and expect good things to happen.
Your destination's the center of No Man's Land. Remember what that's like?
So why the hell are you taking off knowing nothing about the area or what you can do?
Trying to get yourself killed? Cause that's what's gonna happen.
What do you mean, know what I can do?
You found your powers on off switch, which is awesome, but beyond that, you know diddly-squat about it.
And if you're ignorant of your strengths, limits, and whatnot,
so's your team.
Hold up, are you saying that you're gonna come with me?
Of course I am.
Gotta.
Soloing in No Man's Land is suicide.
So what the hell were you doing when we met?
Besides, a cleaner's job is just as much about researching trash beasts and where they pop up as it is about taking them out.
There's a lot we can learn from going into a No Man's Land.
But we gotta be smart about it on top of watching out for raiders.
Oh, that's right.
Hey, why is it that raiders are so important to you?
Why is it that raiders like that masochist guy can become givers like us?
Who you are has got nothing to do with you becoming a giver.
No one's all good or all bad, and not everyone's gonna look after their stuff.
Plenty of seemingly good people treat their objects like shit.
And plenty of seemingly bad people treat them as precious.
Morality is irrelevant.
It's what you give to something that makes it giver.
Now, that's not gonna win you a lot of people's respect, of course.
But it's not gonna win you a lot of people's respect, of course.
It's gonna make them call you codependent and other delightful words.
Not like you can fault them, though.
Obsession just looks weird. Period.
So I imagine we look pretty weird to most folks.
Guess that makes sense.
To me, not taking care of things is bad, so I just assumed only bad people did it.
Maybe I shouldn't assume.
Except with those guys. They proved they suck.
Not for nothing, but I suggest a chill day.
Gotta catch our breaths between the non-stop action.
Why do people only tell you to relax, and not tell you how to?
Nap didn't take, and that was my one idea.
Wish I had some trash to pick through.
Hey, get up.
Because I'm gonna show you around Cleaner HQ.
Huh?
Here we have the training room,
the dining hall,
the Bisser!
Hmm!
If you're getting a run-down-but-fully-loaded vibe, that's on purpose.
Honestly, this is a lot more than I ever had in the Sphere.
Then what were you working with up there?
A room, and all I had to do was look at scenery with regto, pick up trash, or get yelled at.
Well, I don't know how the scenery works, but I guess it's another thing.
Well, I don't know how the scenery compares down here, but there's plenty of rooms, trash, and yelling.
What kind of stuff did you eat?
Normal stuff. Bread, soup.
And for dessert?
You mean sweets?
Sweets.
Never had them. That stuff was just for rich people.
We've got some.
Hmm.
Want a taste?
The cleaners sometimes buy from this group called the Veanders.
And sometimes they hook us up with the good stuff.
Hey, brat. Come to get your sugar on?
Yep. Says he's never had sweets.
Not sure how it is in the sphere, but down here desserts are vice of choice for most everyone.
So, moderation and all that crap.
Oh, this rich people food.
Just out for everyone.
Everybody to check.
Pollution makes it hard to grow anything down here.
Folks do what they can, which isn't that much.
But our friends the Veanders have been collecting givers who specialize in cooking.
Now, thanks to them, the grounds probably got more tasty treats floating around than you guys floating up there.
Help yourself.
Hmm?
Hmmm?
Ah!
The hell is this?
It's like fuel droid in my mouth!
This is exactly how I was hoping it'd go.
Addiction much?
I never thought food could taste this good!
I need more!
Ease up, man!
Check yourself before you wreck yourself.
What's up with this kid?
Wait, no.
He wants in on these desserts too.
There's plenty, but I haven't tried them all yet.
Here, take it!
What the hell is this spoiled brat's problem?
You need to calm down.
Dear!
So sorry.
You've got a lot to make up for after what you did to Ruto, young lady.
Okay, I didn't expect that to go down like that.
Besides, I think it's good that he's found something he likes.
Hmm?
Yeah, we did nothing in Halo.
I don't know.
Sweet stock to find that out.
What's that loser done this time?
We've got a problem!
Some fat trash beast stuck in HQ!
It's me, dipshit!
I can't believe you're here.
Huh?
Need me to bleed out?
Oh, this is hilarious!
My man got so high on sweets, he's having performance issues!
Dude, just do the thing!
Thought we were here to gauge your powers today, not the long-term effects of an all-sugar diet.
Glad you've got a neck again, though.
No!
What am I doing wrong?
I remember how it's supposed to feel, but I don't think that's enough.
You've got a thing about fixing up stuff other people have thrown out, right?
Who we are as people helps define our giver powers.
So then...
You fix things, but you can't fix something that isn't broken.
No.
No!
Grab whatever speaks to you and try again.
It worked!
Give it up for Zonka and his keen insight.
Excellent job. Couldn't have done it better.
We mediocre folks gotta think about this stuff more than natural talents.
It's why our brains are so much more developed.
Thanks, Zonka.
Shut up before you give me a reason.
Now make another one.
Don't just stare at them, man. Get to it.
That answers that.
Come on, seriously?
Such a cheater. How come...
Manari blows.
Thought so.
He uses his instrument one too many times...
and he just starts gushing.
That sucks.
Quality of those gloves has gotta be insane to do that to his body.
What?
As I've explained, time and TLC are what make a vital instrument.
The more you give, the more seasoning.
The more seasoning, the better.
That's called improving its quality.
High quality instruments can bring more power to bear than average ones.
Granted, quality isn't the be-all end-all, especially in a fight.
A giver's experiences, personality, outlook and such...
all help shape the abilities of a vital instrument.
Basically, everything that goes into it is important.
It would make sense that his gloves would be pretty high in quality.
He's been caring for them since he was a kid.
But even so, it's weird for them to wreck him like that.
Maybe it's not quality.
Maybe it's the series that they're part of.
Hey...
Why is it that...
Whatever I make into a weapon gets destroyed?
Why do the ones I just made seem like they're fine?
I can even switch between them and they're all staying in one piece.
Is there a time limit on what I make?
I don't think it's that dark.
It might just be because they're done.
Purpose fulfilled.
Your power.
It's about second chances.
You take the stuff people have tossed aside and you bring out its full and unbridled worth, right?
So when you recycle stuff, you give it a chance to finally fulfill its true purpose.
Which is very rad.
Its purpose.
I think you're right.
Gris' talisman only fell apart once Ruto felt like he was safe.
It would appear we've discovered a very important part about your power, Ruto.
Recycling.
You see the abandoned potential of broken things and manifest it.
Once they've fulfilled it, you lay them to rest.
Hm. Sounds right.
Thanks for that observation, Ryo.
Turns out you didn't break Gris' talisman.
Or anything else you transformed for that matter.
You let objects discarded too soon go out in a blaze of glory.
That's it.
My power doesn't just break objects down.
It builds them up.
Here's what I want to know.
What's this Ciri's crap?
Purple Guy said something about it before he dipped.
Did that mean anything to you?
No, not really.
I guess that means there are more instruments like them out there.
But why?
Have you even named them yet?
Uh, my gloves?
Yeah.
When you love something, you name it.
Makes it more than just a thing.
I can't believe I've never thought about that.
Well, I don't think you're gonna find a name by gawking at them.
We're back, boss.
The Cleaners.
Campus Town.
The Desert Altar.
Vital Instruments.
Ciri's.
The Watchmen Ciri's.
Ruto.
The Ego.
The
Ego.
The Th installer.
To what is that battle Им?
Hm.
You want the three marriage roses?
Yeah?
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Say it.
Hey there.
Come on.
Hikari doro barake de
Itaru tabi
Anata no kotoba wo omoidashite
Uchisuterareta mono ni dake
Yatoru tomoshibi ga aru
Namidu koe
Yagate
Tsuyosai to kawarata iku
Thank you for watching!